<!-- Source: https://vercel.com/analytics -->

# Understand production from the inside out.

With real-time infrastructure and traffic insights, Vercel is the mission control for frontend applications.

[DeployNow](/new)
[Get a Demo](/contact/sales)
Visitors

634,200

Fri May 10 4pm - 5pm

App Logs

13:39

24:59

/app/front/apps/site/testing

24.52

/status/api

24.50

/docs

24.43

/api/jwt

Top Sources

Visitors

google.com

259,010

vercel.com

132,821

x.com

51,280

ycombinator.com

27,102

splitbee.com

20,186

linear.com

18,281

github.blog

13,021

Alerts

Pro

Enterprise

## Proactive Anomaly Detection and Alerting.

See traffic spikes and usage anomalies to pinpoint and resolve issues before they impact users.

Query

Pro

Enterprise

## Quick, accurate debugging.

Detect and diagnose issues in your web applications by surfacing errors, traffic, and performance data with custom queries and visualizations.

Track and analyze the performanceof different parts of your site right in the Vercel dashboard. Leverage example queries to quickly resolve issues and optimize your projects.

Create queriesto debug and optimize bandwidth, errors, performance, and bot traffic issues.

Logs

View, search, inspect.

Understand your application behavior with a view of all logs generated by every function in every deployment environment.

View all runtime logs generated by Vercel's infrastructureacross all environments.

2M logs total found...

Time

Host

Request

Message

Request Metrics

/blog-posts

217ms

/post/1

110ms

/post/2

111ms

/post/3

108ms

/track-view

38ms

See the status, duration, URL, and a trace foreach outgoing request.

Copy share URL

Export to CSV

Export to JSON

2M logs total found...

Time

Host

Request

Message

Inspect and shareyour runtime logs without any third-party integrations.

Third Party

Pro

Enterprise

## Instrument, collect, and send data with flexibility.

Datadog

New Relic

More...

0ms

166ms

333ms

500ms

Use your favorite tools. With OpenTelemetry (OTEL), send traces from your functions to application performance monitoring (APM) vendors.

[View Integrations](/integrations#analytics)
acme-site

4,815,162 Logs

Log Drains. Share data with your favorite logging provider for advanced alerting.

## Break out of the black box.

[Proactively defend.Track anomalies to shut down threats as they happen with advanced monitoring.](/security)
### Proactively defend.

Track anomalies to shut down threats as they happen with advanced monitoring.

[Prevent regressions.Ship new work without breaking customer experiences, and know exactly where to iterate after.](/security)
### Prevent regressions.

Ship new work without breaking customer experiences, and know exactly where to iterate after.

[Total transparency.Granular insights into application performance to ensure you're always up and running.](/security)
### Total transparency.

Granular insights into application performance to ensure you're always up and running.

Web Analytics

## Understand your engagement.

Providing comprehensive insights into your website’s visitors, tracking topic pages, referrers, and demographics like location, operating systems, and browser info.

[Deploy Now](/new)
[Get a Demo](/contact/sales)
First-party, privacy-friendly.Data sent through your domain to avoid ad blockers.

Find your top performers.Identify your best sources and most effective content.

google.com

1,142,712 visitors

/login

714K

/dashboard

521K

/new

249K

news.ycombinator.com

728,101 visitors

reddit.com

589,102 visitors

Trackcustom eventswithout third-party scripts, forPro and Enterprise.

Web Analytics Plus:UTM parameters,more events, and longerreport windows.

Wed 10 Apr 2024

buy-it-now

40,171 clicks

Sun 10 Dec 2023

buy-it-now

21,291 clicks

Speed Insights

Real users, real performance data.

Performance from the right point of view. See detailed views of your website’s performance metrics with Speed Insights, facilitating informed decisions for optimization.

Real data points collected from your users’ devices for anauthentic evaluationof their experiences.

Last 7 Days

P75

P90

P95

P99

First Contentful Paint

1.01

s

P75

Poor (5)

/faqs

21

/about

56

/pricing

32

To Improve (12)

/support

12

/holidays

38

/collaboration

24

Great (100+)

/home

89

/buy

31

/cart

12

Understand Core Web Vitals likeFirst Contentful Paint,Largest Contentful Paint,Cumulative Layout Shift.

92

Real Experience Score

The combined score of your Web Vitals experienced by your visitors.

First Contentful Paint

1.01

s

Largest Contentful Paint

1.42

s

Cumulative Layout Shift

0.02

Interaction to Next Paint

1.01

s

[January 19th, 2024How Core Web Vitals affect SEO. Understanding your application's Google page experience ranking and Lighthouse scores.Malte Ubl, Alice Alexandra MooreRead](/blog/how-core-web-vitals-affect-seo)
January 19th, 2024

How Core Web Vitals affect SEO. Understanding your application's Google page experience ranking and Lighthouse scores.

Malte Ubl, Alice Alexandra Moore

Read

Ready to deploy?Start building with a free account. Speak to an expert for yourProorEnterpriseneeds.

[Start Deploying](/new)
[Talk to an Expert](/contact/sales)
Explore Vercel Enterprisewith an interactive product tour, trial, or a personalized demo.

[Explore Enterprise](/try-enterprise)